WCA Motions Update - July 2024 (#396)
thewca/wca-documents: documents/motions/04.2024.1 - WCA Board.md

   3. To oversee, guide, and supervise all structural and day-to-day activities of the WCA in accordance with the [WCA Motion : Objectives](wcadoc{documents/motions/03.2021.1 - Objectives.pdf}).
   4. To oversee, guide, and supervise all relationships with Regional Organizations and Sponsors.
   5. To mobilize Staff, Regional Organizations, and Competition Organizers to organize WCA Competitions on local, national, continental, and world level, well distributed in time and geographical location, and to ensure the quality of WCA Competitions up to the maximum extent.
   6. To represent the WCA in dealings with other relevant organizations and with media.
   7. To negotiate or oversee the negotiation of all contracts on behalf of the WCA in consultation with the appropriate Committees.

>    8. To be accountable for the finances of the WCA, to oversee financial management of the WCA, and to ensure the WCA has sufficient procedures and resources to meet its financial obligations and regulatory requirements in accordance with the [WCA Motion : Finances](wca{documents/motions/11.2023.1 - Finances.pdf}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   8. To be accountable for the finances of the WCA, to oversee financial management of the WCA, and to ensure the WCA has sufficient procedures and resources to meet its financial obligations and regulatory requirements in accordance with the [WCA Motion : Finances](wca{documents/motions/11.2024.1 - Finances.pdf}).
```

6. Removal of Directors
   1. Directors will automatically be removed at the end of their term. See Bylaws 3.5 (Election and Term of Office).
   2. Directors may decide to resign before the end of their term. See Bylaws 3.7 (Resignation).

>    3. The WCA Board may decide to remove a Director according to Bylaws 3.8 (Removal). Before this final decision is made the WCA Board must first ask the WCA Integrity Committee for a non-binding advice on other possible solutions to the case leading to the possible removal.

Reviewer 2: I think there may need to be a comma after "Before this final decision is made,..." as well

   4. The WCA Voting Members may decide to remove a Director according to Bylaws 3.8 (Removal).
7. Reducing conflicts of roles

>    1.  If all bodies are constituted and functional there must not exist an overlap in members of the WCA Board, WCA Integrity Committee, and WCA Appeals Committee unless the Board is temporarily required to lead, due to that Committee not having a Leader.

Reviewer: do you have a suggested wording to get the intention across? Or do you split it into three, i.e. no overlap between WIC and WAC, no overlap between Board and WIC if the committee is functional, no overlap between Board and WAC if the committee is functional?

>    1.  If all bodies are constituted and functional there must not exist an overlap in members of the WCA Board, WCA Integrity Committee, and WCA Appeals Committee unless the Board is temporarily required to lead, due to that Committee not having a Leader.

Reviewer 3: Something like this:
```suggestion
   1.  If all bodies are constituted and functional there must not exist an overlap in members of the WCA Board, WCA Integrity Committee, and WCA Appeals Committee.
   1. Exception: If the Board is temporarily required to lead the WCA Integrity Committee and/or the WCA Appeals Committee, due to that Committee not having a Leader, there may be an overlap in members of the WCA Board and that Committee.
   
```
